README.md, before:

# bookmarks
Useful links to read


#### Android
- [Android memories](https://speakerdeck.com/romainguy/android-memories) <br>
Learn how Android manages memory and what you can do to improve RAM usage in your application. <br>
**November 12, 2013 - Romain Guy**

- [A useful stack on android architecture](http://saulmm.github.io/2015/02/02/A%20useful%20stack%20on%20android%20%231,%20architecture/?utm_term=0_4eb677ad19-95a2a28863-337838825&utm_content=buffere9dec&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) <br>
This is the first in a series of articles on how to setup an environment to develop an android scalable, maintainable and testable project <br>
**Feb 02, 2015 - Saúl M.**

- [Mastering android task](http://www.slideshare.net/RanNachmany/manipulating-android-tasks-and-back-stack)<br>
It talks about how Android manages tasks and the tools we have to manipulate and control the default behavior <br>
**Nov 07, 2011 - Ran Nachmany**

- [Android Handler Memory Leaks](https://techblog.badoo.com/blog/2014/08/28/android-handler-memory-leaks?utm_content=bufferd5f63&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) <br>
This post covers how android handler creates memory leak and how can you avoid it <br>
**28 Aug 2014 - Badoo Tech Blog**

- [Memory analysis of the dalvik](http://www.slideshare.net/SOURCEConference/forensic-memory-analysis-of-androids-dalvik-virtual-machine) <br>
A very good detailed presentation about how dalvik manages the memory <br>
**Jun 16, 2011 - Andrew Case** 

- [A journey on the Android Main Thread - Lifecycle bits](https://corner.squareup.com/2013/12/android-main-thread-2.html) <br>
How the main thread interacts with the Android components lifecycle. <br>
**December, 2013 - Square**

- [How to publish your open source library to Maven central](http://intohand.com/blog/post/how-to-publish-your-open-source-library-to-maven-central) <br>
Have you created a great (or at least useful) Java/Android open source project that you want to enable other developers use in their projects easily? have you wondered how to publish your library to Maven central? then this is the article for you!  <br>
**March 12, 2015 - Scott Alexander-Bown**

- [Continuous Delivery for Android](http://www.bignerdranch.com/blog/continuous-delivery-for-android) <br>
Step by step to explain how to build a continuous delivery system for github repositories for android. <br>
**Feb 27, 2015 - Matt Compton**

#### Java
- [The Most Common Java Keytool Keystore Commands](https://www.sslshopper.com/article-most-common-java-keytool-keystore-commands.html) <br>
Step by step how to use java keytool <br>
**Jul 13, 2008**

- [Multithreading and Concurrency Interview Q&A](http://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/11/multithreading-concurrency-interview-questions-answers.html) <br>
Different types of questions that can be used in a programming interview in order to assess a candidate's understanding of concurrency and multithreading.  The questions are not only Java specific, but revolve around general programming principles.

- [String intern in java 6-7-8](http://java-performance.info/string-intern-in-java-6-7-8/) <br>
This article will describe how String.intern method was implemented in Java 6 and what changes were made in it in Java 7 and Java 8. <br>
**07 June 2014 - Mikhail Vorontsov**

- [ArrayList performance](http://java-performance.info/arraylist-performance/) <br>
In a few categories to describe arraylist performance problems <br>
**October 27, 2012 - Mikhail Vorontsov**

#### Security
- [Anatomy of a subtle json vulnerability](http://haacked.com/archive/2008/11/20/anatomy-of-a-subtle-json-vulnerability.aspx/)<br> A very subtle potential security flaw when using JSON <br>
**November 20, 2008 - haacked.com/**
 
#### Unit Test

#### Web

#### Network

- [Key differences between HTTP1.0 and HTTP1.1](http://www8.org/w8-papers/5c-protocols/key/key.html) <br>
This post covers all key differences point by point. After reading this post, you will have a good grasp of the differences. <br>
**Balachander Krishnamurthy - 	Jeffrey C. Mogul -	David M. Kristol**

- [HTTP2 Spec](http://http2.github.io/http2-spec/index.html) <br>
This specification describes an optimized expression of the semantics of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). HTTP/2 enables a more efficient use of network resources and a reduced perception of latency by introducing header field compression and allowing multiple concurrent exchanges on the same connection. It also introduces unsolicited push of representations from servers to clients.  <br>
**February 19, 2015 - HTTPbis Working Group**

- [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-common) <br>
Documents, resources, examples shared across other gRPC repos. <br>
**grpc**

- [HTTP Access Control (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Access_control_CORS) <br>
A complete explanation about CORS<br>
**Mar 4, 2015 - Mozilla**

- [HTTP Status Codes](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html) <br>
Complete list of the status codes and descriptions

#### RestAPI
- [Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API] (http://www.vinaysahni.com/best-practices-for-a-pragmatic-restful-api) <br>
This post covers almost everything about how to design your restful API. Pretty much everything is explained well detailed. <br>
**Vinay Sahni**

- [Random Json Generator](http://beta.json-generator.com/) <br>
You can generate random and mock json objects with desired fields.

- [Incremental Json Parser](http://lakhin.com/projects/papa-carlo/demo/) <br>
This little demo application illustrates the idea of incremental compilation in action.
The compiler of JSON language is written in Scala using Papa Carlo parser framework and compiled to JavaScript using ScalaJS. The demo works completely in the web browser. There is no server-side processing at all. 

### Functional Programming - General
- [Practical Introduction to FP](http://maryrosecook.com/blog/post/a-practical-introduction-to-functional-programming)

### Machine Learning
- [What is deep learning?](http://getprismatic.com/story/1421371580482)

### Kernel and Core OS
- [Understanding Virtual Memory](http://www.redhat.com/magazine/001nov04/features/vm/)

### Type System
- [The abject failure of weak typing](http://techblog.realestate.com.au/the-abject-failure-of-weak-typing/)

### Best of StackOverFlow
- [Why is processing a sorted array faster than an unstored array](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11227809/why-is-processing-a-sorted-array-faster-than-an-unsorted-array?rq=1)
- [Why is printing “B” dramatically slower than printing “#”?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21947452/why-is-printing-b-dramatically-slower-than-printing)
- [Why is char[] preferred over String for passwords?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8881291/why-is-char-preferred-over-string-for-passwords)
- [Difference between px, dp, dip and sp in Android?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2025282/difference-between-px-dp-dip-and-sp-in-android)
- [What exactly is RESTful programming?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/671118/what-exactly-is-restful-programming)
- [Representational state transfer (REST) and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/209905/representational-state-transfer-rest-and-simple-object-access-protocol-soap)
- [Difference between HashMap, LinkedHashMap and TreeMap](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2889777/difference-between-hashmap-linkedhashmap-and-treemap)
- [What is “2's Complement”?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1049722/what-is-2s-complement)
- [How is the java memory pool divided?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1262328/how-is-the-java-memory-pool-divided)
- [What is a WeakHashMap and when to use it?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5511279/what-is-a-weakhashmap-and-when-to-use-it)
- [What is the significance of load factor in hashmap?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10901752/what-is-the-significance-of-load-factor-in-hashmap)
- [What is the memory consumption of an object in Java?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/258120/what-is-the-memory-consumption-of-an-object-in-java)
- [Is it better to use System.arraycopy(…) than a fast for loop for copying arrays?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18638743/is-it-better-to-use-system-arraycopy-than-a-fast-for-loop-for-copying-array)
- [Why are arrays covariant but generics are invariant?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18666710/why-are-arrays-covariant-but-generics-are-invariant)
- [Scala covariance / contravariance question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/663254/scala-covariance-contravariance-question)

Commit message:

Added one bookmark about Deep Learning

README.md, after:

# bookmarks
Useful links to read


#### Android
- [Android memories](https://speakerdeck.com/romainguy/android-memories) <br>
Learn how Android manages memory and what you can do to improve RAM usage in your application. <br>
**November 12, 2013 - Romain Guy**

- [A useful stack on android architecture](http://saulmm.github.io/2015/02/02/A%20useful%20stack%20on%20android%20%231,%20architecture/?utm_term=0_4eb677ad19-95a2a28863-337838825&utm_content=buffere9dec&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) <br>
This is the first in a series of articles on how to setup an environment to develop an android scalable, maintainable and testable project <br>
**Feb 02, 2015 - Saúl M.**

- [Mastering android task](http://www.slideshare.net/RanNachmany/manipulating-android-tasks-and-back-stack)<br>
It talks about how Android manages tasks and the tools we have to manipulate and control the default behavior <br>
**Nov 07, 2011 - Ran Nachmany**

- [Android Handler Memory Leaks](https://techblog.badoo.com/blog/2014/08/28/android-handler-memory-leaks?utm_content=bufferd5f63&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) <br>
This post covers how android handler creates memory leak and how can you avoid it <br>
**28 Aug 2014 - Badoo Tech Blog**

- [Memory analysis of the dalvik](http://www.slideshare.net/SOURCEConference/forensic-memory-analysis-of-androids-dalvik-virtual-machine) <br>
A very good detailed presentation about how dalvik manages the memory <br>
**Jun 16, 2011 - Andrew Case** 

- [A journey on the Android Main Thread - Lifecycle bits](https://corner.squareup.com/2013/12/android-main-thread-2.html) <br>
How the main thread interacts with the Android components lifecycle. <br>
**December, 2013 - Square**

- [How to publish your open source library to Maven central](http://intohand.com/blog/post/how-to-publish-your-open-source-library-to-maven-central) <br>
Have you created a great (or at least useful) Java/Android open source project that you want to enable other developers use in their projects easily? have you wondered how to publish your library to Maven central? then this is the article for you!  <br>
**March 12, 2015 - Scott Alexander-Bown**

- [Continuous Delivery for Android](http://www.bignerdranch.com/blog/continuous-delivery-for-android) <br>
Step by step to explain how to build a continuous delivery system for github repositories for android. <br>
**Feb 27, 2015 - Matt Compton**

#### Java
- [The Most Common Java Keytool Keystore Commands](https://www.sslshopper.com/article-most-common-java-keytool-keystore-commands.html) <br>
Step by step how to use java keytool <br>
**Jul 13, 2008**

- [Multithreading and Concurrency Interview Q&A](http://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/11/multithreading-concurrency-interview-questions-answers.html) <br>
Different types of questions that can be used in a programming interview in order to assess a candidate's understanding of concurrency and multithreading.  The questions are not only Java specific, but revolve around general programming principles.

- [String intern in java 6-7-8](http://java-performance.info/string-intern-in-java-6-7-8/) <br>
This article will describe how String.intern method was implemented in Java 6 and what changes were made in it in Java 7 and Java 8. <br>
**07 June 2014 - Mikhail Vorontsov**

- [ArrayList performance](http://java-performance.info/arraylist-performance/) <br>
In a few categories to describe arraylist performance problems <br>
**October 27, 2012 - Mikhail Vorontsov**

#### Security
- [Anatomy of a subtle json vulnerability](http://haacked.com/archive/2008/11/20/anatomy-of-a-subtle-json-vulnerability.aspx/)<br> A very subtle potential security flaw when using JSON <br>
**November 20, 2008 - haacked.com/**
 
#### Unit Test

#### Web

#### Network

- [Key differences between HTTP1.0 and HTTP1.1](http://www8.org/w8-papers/5c-protocols/key/key.html) <br>
This post covers all key differences point by point. After reading this post, you will have a good grasp of the differences. <br>
**Balachander Krishnamurthy - 	Jeffrey C. Mogul -	David M. Kristol**

- [HTTP2 Spec](http://http2.github.io/http2-spec/index.html) <br>
This specification describes an optimized expression of the semantics of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). HTTP/2 enables a more efficient use of network resources and a reduced perception of latency by introducing header field compression and allowing multiple concurrent exchanges on the same connection. It also introduces unsolicited push of representations from servers to clients.  <br>
**February 19, 2015 - HTTPbis Working Group**

- [gRPC](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-common) <br>
Documents, resources, examples shared across other gRPC repos. <br>
**grpc**

- [HTTP Access Control (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Access_control_CORS) <br>
A complete explanation about CORS<br>
**Mar 4, 2015 - Mozilla**

- [HTTP Status Codes](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html) <br>
Complete list of the status codes and descriptions

#### RestAPI
- [Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API] (http://www.vinaysahni.com/best-practices-for-a-pragmatic-restful-api) <br>
This post covers almost everything about how to design your restful API. Pretty much everything is explained well detailed. <br>
**Vinay Sahni**

- [Random Json Generator](http://beta.json-generator.com/) <br>
You can generate random and mock json objects with desired fields.

- [Incremental Json Parser](http://lakhin.com/projects/papa-carlo/demo/) <br>
This little demo application illustrates the idea of incremental compilation in action.
The compiler of JSON language is written in Scala using Papa Carlo parser framework and compiled to JavaScript using ScalaJS. The demo works completely in the web browser. There is no server-side processing at all. 

### Functional Programming - General
- [Practical Introduction to FP](http://maryrosecook.com/blog/post/a-practical-introduction-to-functional-programming)

### Machine Learning
- [What is deep learning?](http://getprismatic.com/story/1421371580482)

- [A Primer on Deep Learning](http://www.datarobot.com/blog/a-primer-on-deep-learning/) <br>
An introductory level post on what is deep learning and what made it popular<br>
+**Dallin Akagi**

### Kernel and Core OS
- [Understanding Virtual Memory](http://www.redhat.com/magazine/001nov04/features/vm/)

### Type System
- [The abject failure of weak typing](http://techblog.realestate.com.au/the-abject-failure-of-weak-typing/)

### Best of StackOverFlow
- [Why is processing a sorted array faster than an unstored array](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11227809/why-is-processing-a-sorted-array-faster-than-an-unsorted-array?rq=1)
- [Why is printing “B” dramatically slower than printing “#”?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21947452/why-is-printing-b-dramatically-slower-than-printing)
- [Why is char[] preferred over String for passwords?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8881291/why-is-char-preferred-over-string-for-passwords)
- [Difference between px, dp, dip and sp in Android?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2025282/difference-between-px-dp-dip-and-sp-in-android)
- [What exactly is RESTful programming?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/671118/what-exactly-is-restful-programming)
- [Representational state transfer (REST) and Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/209905/representational-state-transfer-rest-and-simple-object-access-protocol-soap)
- [Difference between HashMap, LinkedHashMap and TreeMap](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2889777/difference-between-hashmap-linkedhashmap-and-treemap)
- [What is “2's Complement”?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1049722/what-is-2s-complement)
- [How is the java memory pool divided?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1262328/how-is-the-java-memory-pool-divided)
- [What is a WeakHashMap and when to use it?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5511279/what-is-a-weakhashmap-and-when-to-use-it)
- [What is the significance of load factor in hashmap?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10901752/what-is-the-significance-of-load-factor-in-hashmap)
- [What is the memory consumption of an object in Java?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/258120/what-is-the-memory-consumption-of-an-object-in-java)
- [Is it better to use System.arraycopy(…) than a fast for loop for copying arrays?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18638743/is-it-better-to-use-system-arraycopy-than-a-fast-for-loop-for-copying-array)
- [Why are arrays covariant but generics are invariant?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18666710/why-are-arrays-covariant-but-generics-are-invariant)
- [Scala covariance / contravariance question](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/663254/scala-covariance-contravariance-question)
